Add harvester network deep dive document (#231)
harvester/docs: docs/networking/harvester-network.md

---
# Network

Harvester provides three types of virtual networks for virtual machines (VMs), including:

- Management Network
- VLAN Network
- Untagged Network

The management network is usually used for VMs whose traffic only flows inside the cluster. If your VMs need to connect to the external network, use the VLAN network or untagged network.

> In particular, Harvester customizes storage network to separate the storage traffic from other. Please refer to [the storage network document](../advanced/storagenetwork) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Available as of v1.0.1_

Harvester also introduced storage networking to separate the storage traffic from other cluster-wide workloads. Please refer to [the storage network document](../advanced/storagenetwork) for more details.
```

---
# Network

> Harvester provides three types of virtual network for virtual machines (VMs), including:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Harvester provides three types of virtual networks for virtual machines (VMs), including:
```

Reviewer 2: I was translating the document and found that in the sentence `2. Click the **Create Network Config** button on the left of the cluster network to create a new network configuration.` in the cluster network doc, the word `left` should be `right` according to the screenshot. 
If that's true, is it ok to help fix it in this PR as well? Thanks!! @yaocw2020

## Untagged Network

As is known, the traffic under a VLAN network has a VLAN ID tag and we can use the VLAN network with `PVID` (default 1) to communicate with any normal untagged traffic. However, some network devices may not expect to receive an explicitly tagged VLAN ID that matches the native VLAN on the switch the uplink belongs to. That's the reason why we provide the untagged network.

### How to use untagged network

> The way to use an untagged network is similar to the VLAN network. Before adding a new untagged network device for the VM, you have to create a new one if you don't already have one.

Reviewer 3: `The way to use an untagged network is similar to the VLAN network` -> `The usage of untagged network is simliar to the VLAN network`.

suggest to remove 
<del> Before adding a new untagged network device for the VM, you have to create a new one if you don't already have one. 
</de> 

and add a link to something link`how to use VLAN network`.
